hi Guys
we'll do that great candy myself
am extremely curious how this tastes
different toilets have chambers
and then I would say
Let's start right away
in the cartoon is once the kit
for the toilet inside together with
then we have the music for the face
still the preparation powder and one
drinking straw
Then we build the first time the loo
together
toilet has in any case already
why would you do that at all?
start facial expression now
we make it striking what they are now
The powder has to do that and that
only one of them in the sink
give rinse
it still does not smell anything
only sweetish and the water we give
now here too
So I do not think so anymore
happens then we try now
So that's our job
is
great cell phone I still have a little bit
what about the powder that I have here
prisoner has been taken and it is
a little bit more
then let's try it
it is pissed off and tastes good
i want to say apple
I'm not sure, I think so too
that appel
So that was the tab candy
I hope you have the video fun
made
it is definitely one for me
experience to try this once
otherwise I wish you one more
all the time and until next time
bye